
Responsible for the development of business strategy through facilitating executive collaboration to further corporate planning, management process, and interdepartmental communication. 

Required to document strategic goals and bring relevant feedback on enterprise processes. Piloted cooperative efforts to enhance company-wide strategic planning initiatives. Brought efficient information reporting and data visualization techniques to modernize evaluation of management matrices and better define operations effectiveness.

Provided executive oversight and support for Tactical Opposition Research and Business Intelligence teams. Presented corporate growth and mentoring opportunities to junior staff by assigning cross-functional assistance and project coordination tasks during leadership meetings. 

Contributed to the development and execution of long-term Strategy Playbooks. Analyzed Operations Itineraries and compiled After Action Reports. High-Energy atmosphere required effective time-managment skills and the built-in flexibility to engage in special projects when required.

--------------------------------------------
---

 Jack is a Director level, post-collegiate, young professional with 10 years of demonstrated history working in the software
        production industry, five as a media entrepreneur, and spent several summers as a touring Shakespearean actor.
        After college he took several years to enjoy performing in and managing theatrical productions, freeclimbing
        the Ozark Mountains, and volunteering summers to teach international students at YMCA of the Rockies.<hr>
        <h1>Director of User Experience</h1><hr>
        Jack was most recently awarded the role of Director of User Experience for The Castlehale Group, hired for his
        user-centric design principles and a keen sense of numbers. He pushes the boundaries of digital perception
        in a way that creates an immersive meta-theater, where the user doesn't have to 'suspend disbelief' nor be
        'sold' a product. Users should enjoy the brand experience without feeling monetized for their individual use-case.

        He leverages hard data to model predictive behavioral curves, and applies those statistics to the UX by testing
        software monetization efficacy on user groups that are identifiable to an algorithm via predictable micro-behavior.
        His efforts in protoyping, qualitative research, mathematics, and persona mapping netted Castlehale Group between $3500
        and $12000 per unique target per one time sale with average data guided retail sales yielding a $6500 per household per year
        increase across targeted channels. This technique has also brought revenue increases in Castlehale's commercial
        food-service industry contracts to the tune of an extra $3 per targeted customer per sale.

        His analysis work created a gross profit for the company of $3.2 Million is data-backed sales in his final year as Director.

        Symbolic Interactionism, the study of how humans are taught to interface with reality, is the key to Jack's success in the
        User Experience field. He applies the theory that defines how to predict human behavior: that people
        react in predictable ways to controlled stimuli. Human interaction can be modified by modulating that stimuli in
        specific and repeatable ways. He uses this to create archetype-based user mythologies and define how these
        users can be influenced by the actual, imagined, or implied presence of the introduced stimuli.

        Key Skills: Lingustics, Mathematics, Remote & On Location Media Production, Commercial Advertising, Team Communications,
        Market Research, Teaching, International Relations, Social Psychology, Agile Methodologies, Scrum/DevOps, and Upper Level Management.

        Fluent in English, Spanish; Conversant in Russian; Learning Mandarin;
